# CSE 110 Team 35 Meeting #12 - Sprint Review & Retrospective

## Overview
- **Team Number**: 35
- **Meeting Type**: Regularly Scheduled
- **Location**: Online
- **Objective**:
- **Time**: 1:30 PM - 2:30 PM, June 9, 2024

## Attendance

### Leader
- [X] Allen Zhang
- [X] Shota Yasuraoka

### Member
- [X] Andrew Tan
- [X] Anny Zhao
- [X] Audrey Liang
- [X] Ethan Lee
- [X] Ivor Myers
- [X] Jonathan Zhang
- [X] Mitchell Bizzigotti
- [X] Tyler Khuc
- [X] Vincent McCloskey

### Absences

## Agenda

### Unfinished Business from Last Meeting
None

### New Business to Cover
- [X] Sprint Review

## Decisions
- What do we like:
  - Allen: People created pull requests instead of blatantly pushing to the `dev` branch
  - Vincent: Communication between team members on Slack has improved
  - Jonathan: Code reviews were helpful to eliminate bugs, the Netlify preview deployment is good
  - Anny: The netlify preview is good
  - Tyler: Communication between team members was good - everyone knows what problems do they need to fix etc.
  - Audrey: ^
- What do we not like:
  - Allen: The fact that we got most of our progress done right before the deadline
  - Anny: ^
  - Vincent: ^
  - Tyler: The role / responsibility shares could've been more diverse
  - Ivor: Should've pushed to `dev` branch more frequently to reduce merge conflicts between team members' feature branches
  - Mitchell: ^ & Would've been helpful to know everyone's progress combined
  - Audrey: Not sure what to do after finishing the design
  - Anny (2): ^
  - Ethan: A bit of lack of communications when it comes to implement web components that depend on each other + relatively scuffed merge conflict handling caused loss of functions from merging branches
  - Andrew: Could've been more helpful if some of the issues were more detailed
  - Jonathan: Could've been more helpful if there's a more specific guideline on what to include in E2E and unit tests

